Function:
---------
    A function is a block of reusable code.
    A function allows us to write code once and use it as many times as we want just by calling the function.
    syntax:
         function functionName(parameter1, parameter2,..parameter_n){ 
             //function statements 
            }
    Points to remember:
     1. Use the function keyword to define a function, followed by the name of the function. 
     2. The name of the function should be followed by parentheses ().
     3. Function parameters are optional. 
    Note:
     The parameters that are with missing values are set to undefined.
    
    Should a javascript function always return a value?
     No, They don't have to.
     It totally depends on what you want the function to do.
     If an explicit return is omitted from function ,then undefined is returned automatically. 

     Function Hoisting : 
        By default, JavaScript moves all the function declarations to the top of the current scope.
        This is called function hoisting. 
        This is the reason JavaScript functions can be called before they are declared.
    
    Note: Functions defined using a "function expression" are not hoisted.
          this means a function defined using a function expression can only be called after it has been defined

    Defining function using a function expression:
        A Function Expression allows us to define a function using an expression (typically by assigning it to a variable). 
        There are 3 different ways of defining a function using a function expression.
            1.Anonymous function expression.
            2.Named function expression.
            3.Self invoking function expression.
                 These are called with different names:
                 3a) Immediately-Invoked Function Expression (IIFE).
                 3b) Self-executing anonymous functions.
                 3c) Self-invoked anonymous functions.
        
        Anonymous function expression:
            1.Creating a function without a name and assigning it to variable. 
            2.We use the name of the variable to invoke the function.         
        Named function expression:  : 
            1. Here instead of assigning the variable to an anonymous function, we’re assigning it to a named function.
            2. The name of the function is available only with in the same function. 
            3. This syntax is useful for creating recursive functions.
            4. If you use this method outside of the function it raises undefined error. 
